Create stories template with best practices (#484)
cfpb/design-system-react: src/components/ComponentTemplate/ComponentTemplateOverview.mdx

Reviewer: Screenshot of what this page should look like (pulled from Checkboxes example)

<img width="846" height="504" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1a1c442c-2359-4a28-926a-a1a2757d2126" />

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
// TODO: Replace with your component imports for examples/links.
import { Heading, Link, List, ListLink, Paragraph } from '~/src/index';

<Meta title='Templates/Component Template/Overview' />

<Heading type='1'>Component name</Heading>

<Paragraph>

> Use this MDX file for rare use cases where two or more component types live under a single parent and the component types have their own states. This template should be used very rarely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this MDX file for rare use cases where two or more component types live under a single parent and the component types have their own states.
```

Reviewer: Suggest removing the last sentence since we already mention that it's rare in the first sentence.

</Paragraph>

<Paragraph>
  Source:{' '}
  <Link href='https://cfpb.github.io/design-system/components/your-component'>
    https://cfpb.github.io/design-system/components/your-component
  </Link>
</Paragraph>

<Paragraph>

>   The only use case for this format is for when we have components that live under a single parent where the types (or variants) have their own states. This template should be used very rarely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
// TODO: Replace with your component imports for examples/links.
import { Heading, Link, List, ListLink, Paragraph } from '~/src/index';

<Meta title='Templates/Component Template/Overview' />

<Heading type='1'>Component name</Heading>

<Paragraph>
  Use this MDX file for an Overview or guide page when you need narrative
  documentation, multi-section layout, or cross-links that go beyond what
  autodocs provides.
</Paragraph>

<Paragraph>
  Source:{' '}
  <Link href='https://cfpb.github.io/design-system/components/your-component'>
    https://cfpb.github.io/design-system/components/your-component
  </Link>
</Paragraph>

<Heading type='4'>When to use MDX (common scenarios)</Heading>
<List isLinks={false}>

>   <li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    <Paragraph>
      You need a curated Overview page with structured guidance, links, and
      long-form content.
    </Paragraph>

>   </li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  <li>
    <Paragraph>

>       All usage guidelines should all live in the CFPB Design System itself and not in the DSR. If we are referring to something more specific here, for example, React implementations then we can specify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    </Paragraph>
  </li>
  <li>
    <Paragraph>

>       The only use case for this format is where we have components that live under a single parent where the types have their own states. It's a really niche use case. This template should be very rarely used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The only use case for this format is for when we have components that live under a single parent where the types (or variants) have their own states. This template should be used very rarely.
```
